Jv rox 25727 show external entity ip information in the network graph (#84248)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/visualizing-external-entities-known-limitations.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * operating/visualizing-external-entities.adoc
:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="visualizing-external-entities-known-limitations_{context}"]
= Known limitations

[role="_abstract"]
Following are some known limitations of the Visualizing external entities feature:

> * When you enable external IP collection for a cluster, Collector in those clusters report more information to Sensor and to Central. It might create scalability issues if the workload in the cluster communicates with a large number of distinct external peers. Red{nbsp}Hat recommends that you do not enable this feature on clusters with communication patterns involving more than 10,000 distinct external entities.

Author: ```suggestion
* When you enable external IP collection for a cluster, Collector in those clusters reports more information to Sensor and to Central. It might create scalability issues if the workload in the cluster communicates with a large number of distinct external peers. Red{nbsp}Hat recommends that you do not enable this feature on clusters with communication patterns involving more than 10,000 distinct external entities.
```

> * When you enable external IP collection for a cluster, Collector in those clusters reports more information to Sensor and to Central. It might create scalability issues if the workload in the cluster communicates with a large number of distinct external peers. Red{nbsp}Hat recommends that you do not enable this feature on clusters with communication patterns involving more than 10,000 distinct external entities.

Reviewer: We are supposed to [avoid _Red Hat recommends_](https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#recommend). Typically we use the _It is recommended_ structure (fwiw imho)
```suggestion
* When you enable external IP collection for a cluster, the Collector in those clusters report more information to Sensor and to Central. This might create scalability issues if the workload in the cluster communicates with a large number of distinct external peers. It is recommended that you do not enable this feature on clusters with communication patterns involving more than 10,000 distinct external entities.
```

Author: I don't think `the Collector` is correct. The documentation might sometimes say `the Collector image`, `the Collector container`, or `the Collector pod`, but never just `the Collector`. The other changes look good.

Reviewer 2: Jouko is correct, we do not use "the" when referring to Collector, throughout the docs.

> * When you enable external IP collection for a cluster, Collector in those clusters reports more information to Sensor and to Central. It might create scalability issues if the workload in the cluster communicates with a large number of distinct external peers. Red{nbsp}Hat recommends that you do not enable this feature on clusters with communication patterns involving more than 10,000 distinct external entities.

Author: ```suggestion
* When you enable external IP collection for a cluster, Collector in those clusters report more information to Sensor and to Central. This might create scalability issues if the workload in the cluster communicates with a large number of distinct external peers. It is recommended that you do not enable this feature on clusters with communication patterns involving more than 10,000 distinct external entities.
```

> * The display of IP information on the *Network Graph* page is experimental and uses a graphical item for each IP entity. Enabling this level of detail when the number of peers is large might result in a cluttered and potentially unresponsive user interface.

Reviewer: > the number of peers is large

Do we have a definition of how many _large_ is here, as the previous bullet had a suggested number?

Author: Not a precise number, but I think more than a couple of dozen would result in clutter. It might take a thousand to make the UI unresponsive.
